Microsoft
Careers
Locations
Professions
Programs
Life at Microsoft
Hiring tips
Join talent network
Search 
Sign in
Jobs
200037192

City, state, or country/region

Search jobs

Job cart
1

Work site

Experience level

Profession

Discipline

All filters

Clear All
Hi Mokshith, showing personalized job recommendations sorted based on your resume.
Mokshith Narayan - resume.pdf

1 job

Sort: Match score

Turn on job alerts for this search
Manage
Product Management
India, Karnataka, Bangalore
Posted 16 hours ago
Product Management
India, Karnataka, Bangalore
Apply now

Remove from cart


Matched for
Stakeholder Management
Data Analysis
Project Management
Product Lifecycle
Automation
Analytics
Business

Job description

Company and benefits
Job number
200037192
Date posted
May 27, 2026
Work site
3 days / week in-office
Travel
Less than 25%
Profession
Product Management
Discipline
Product Management
Role type
Individual Contributor
Employment type
Full-Time
Overview
Microsoft is a company where passionate innovators come to collaborate, envision what can be and take their careers further. This is a world of more possibilities, more innovation, more openness, and the sky is the limit thinking in a cloud-enabled world. 

Microsoft’s Azure Data engineering team is leading the transformation of analytics in the world of data with products like databases, data integration, big data analytics, messaging & real-time analytics, and business intelligence. The products our portfolio include Microsoft Fabric, Azure SQL DB, Azure Cosmos DB, Azure PostgreSQL, Azure Data Factory, Azure Synapse Analytics, Azure Service Bus, Azure Event Grid, and Power BI. Our mission is to build the data platform for the age of AI, powering a new class of data-first applications and driving a data culture. 

​​Within Azure Data, the Azure Data Analytics team builds the core analytics experiences in Microsoft Fabric. We own the Data Warehouse, Data Engineering, Data Science, AI, and Power BI workloads, enabling customers to ingest, transform, analyze, and derive insights from structured, semi-structured, and unstructured data at enterprise scale. Our team is at the center of Microsoft's strategy to deliver a seamless, end-to-end analytics experience in Fabric.​ 

​​​​

We do not just value differences or different perspectives. We seek them out and invite them in so we can tap into the collective power of everyone in the company. As a result, our customers are better served. 



Responsibilities
​​​​

Customer support: Directly engage with internal and external customers to ensure they are informed about the deprecation, acknowledge it, and receive the guidance they need to transition to supported versions. Align with them on the deprecation and disablement timeline and influence timely migration.

Process and communication management: Develop and implement a structured, scalable approach for handling customer inquiries, reducing the load on internal teams and ensuring clear, consistent messaging.

Telemetry‑driven outreach: Regularly review telemetry to identify active users of deprecated versions and proactively engage them ahead of service disablement. 

Documentation and playbook enhancement: Collaborate with the Azure Retirement Team to refine and strengthen the deprecation playbook, ensuring it effectively supports the scale and complexity of our customer base. 



Qualifications
Required Qualification:

​​Bachelor's Degree OR equivalent experience.​ 

​​1+ years' experience in writing SQL queries for analytics 


1+ years' experience with Power BI for analytics 


1+ years' experience in writing Kusto queries for analytics​  

#azdata

#azuredata 

#EiP


This position will be open for a minimum of 5 days, with applications accepted on an ongoing basis until the position is filled.



Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance with religious accommodations and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.

Insights from previous hires
Top skills
Automation
Amazon Web Services (AWS)
Adoption
Administration
Business
Budgeting
Asset Management
Analytics
Usage Performance
Product Design
Previously worked as
1. Senior Product Manager
2. Principal Product Manager
3. Product Manager II
4. Business Program Manager
5. Senior Product Marketing Manager
Similar jobs


Software Engineer
India, Telangana, Hyderabad + 1 more
Posted 7 days ago

Good match
Software Engineering
India, Karnataka, Bangalore
Posted 16 hours ago
Consultant - Apps Full Stack Engineer A2
India, Telangana, Hyderabad + 2 more
Posted 14 days ago
Senior Software Engineer
India, Karnataka, Bangalore
Posted a month ago
Software Engineering
India, Karnataka, Bangalore
Posted 16 hours ago
Software Engineer
India, Karnataka, Bangalore
Posted 4 months ago
Software Engineer 2
India, Telangana, Hyderabad + 1 more
Posted 2 days ago
Senior Consultant Apps - (AI + Full stack )
India, Telangana, Hyderabad + 2 more
Posted 15 days ago
Product Manager II
India, Karnataka, Bangalore
Posted 3 months ago
Software Engineer II
India, Karnataka, Bangalore
Posted 20 hours ago
English | FR - Canada
Support
Accessibility
Microsoft Data Privacy Notice
Transparency FAQ
Legal policies
Contractor roles
Your Privacy Choices
Consumer Health Privacy
Privacy
Trademarks
Terms of use
© Microsoft 2026